Stanley hype and Samba cringe: Why products fall in and out of style
Is Barbie’s Password ‘uiff;rnl’?
If you want to be creative, you can’t be certain
The Astonishing Origins of 6 Common Compound Words
How I Won Singapore’s GPT-4 Prompt Engineering Competition
Advice to my younger self and you after 20 years in programming
At Skywalker Ranch We Were
The Algorithmic Nature of James Brown’s “Cold Sweat”
Martin Luther King Jr Was More Radical Than You Think
At 40 He Told Me I Was Too Old, And I Agreed
The End of Gaylor
This is the Word I’m Trying to Live By This Year
Earthquakes in Japan: We are Always Prepared
The Ultimate Guide for Making the Best Career Choices in Tech
✨The Advanced Manual of Self-Improvement✨
2023 with Prime Minister Trudeau
I Came To Bear Witness To A Racially Motivated Assassination: Part 1, Memphis, TN.
The Four Stages of Sleep and What They Actually Do
Get in the Van.
Zen and the Art of Mountain Biking
2023: A Review of the Year in Neuroscience
NY Times Missed These 12 Trailblazers: Meet the Women Transforming AI
108 Favorite Albums Of 2023
26 things for 26
Birds, bugs, and beauty: The winners of Wiki Loves Earth 2023
32 of our favorite Medium stories of 2023
On Dealing with Grief Around the Holidays
End-of-Year Reflection Questions for the Procrastinating Perfectionist
Explaining Norman Lear to My Nephew
ChatGPT, or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love AI
Human Rights Are Universal
I was laid off a year ago
Trying to Innovate? Put down your hammer.
How Many Hobbits? A Demographic Analysis of Middle Earth
Why I’ve Ripped Out Performance Reviews for Over a Decade
Data engineering at Meta: High-Level Overview of the internal tech stack
Talking to You
My Life Stats: I Tracked My Habits for a Year, and This Is What I Learned
How we think about designer growth after 6+ years at FAANG
Happy 28th Birthday, JavaScript. How’s It Going?
The science behind inspiration and how to design more of it into your life
Seventeen Prescriptions
Sometimes The Cracks Get Too Big to Hold a Friendship Together
Sandra Day O’Connor
Food Twin: Stress Testing the U.S. Food System
The Trouble With Teachability
What I Wish We’d Done at the First Sign Mom Was Losing Her Memory
The No Homework Policy
How to Read a Poem
The Corporate Governance Failure at the Heart of Sam Altman’s Ouster from OpenAI
Become a Friend of Medium
Frutiger Aero: When the Future Looked Optimistic
Being 40 with Beyoncé
The Indie Era of Startups
From Punch Cards to ChatGPT
The Long View
What We’re Reading: Are you busy or are you productive?
Why Non-Traditional Thanksgivings Can Be the Best Thanksgivings
How I Learned to Solve the Rubik’s Cube in 30 Seconds
Safety for Black College Students
Five. Hundred. Million. Dollars.
It’s the End of Feminist Media. Again.
100 Days of Drawing — Learnings From an Artist Who Never Commits
A Veteran, A Woman, and A Pacifist Walk Into A Bar
From Silence to Celebration
In a second, my life changed.
Human-to-Human —  Real Communication Skills That Should Be Taught in Schools
Of Diwali Traditions, Old and New
We need more women founders on offense
What I’m Reading on the Rise of Artificial Intelligence
The Netflix Effect
Matthew Perry Wanted To Help People Get Sober, Even When He Couldn’t.
The tyranny of consistency
Tomicca: Our Departed on the Day of the Dead
How I scaled Amazon’s Load Generator to run on 1000s of machines
Earworms and Anhedonia
Matthew Perry and My Brother Share the Legacy of Helping Destigmatize Addiction
How might we build trust in an untrusting world?
What We Think About When We Think About Red Lobster
Under the Cedar Tree
On Complexity and Monoliths
Storytelling In New Yorker Drawings
The Ideal Social Network
The Secrets of Retirement No One Tells You
Let’s Stop Calling It “Content”
How I Got Into And Managed to Walk Away from Burnout
‘Oumuamua: Natural or Artificial?
Hey designers, they’re gaslighting you.
Attosecond spectroscopy wins 2023’s Nobel Prize in Physics
How to Find the Perfect Halloween Costume for Your Kids in 25 Easy Steps
From passion to pathos: the challenge of searching for meaning and belonging at work
A personal, non-partisan perspective on the Israel-Hamas war
Design for meaningful outcomes
Living Color: Designing through synesthesia
How The New York Times Cooking Team Makes Personalized Recipe Recommendations
Building Bridges, Not Barriers: Humanizing the Israeli-Palestine Conflict
Back to the Drawing Board
A Jew, A Muslim, and Israel: Cracks in the Wall
In the Shadow of Conflict
Arguing about facts doesn’t work — why Politics should be like Couples Therapy
